You are also interested in stocks
Then help me take a look.
DeNing battery
Which one should you choose between SK Beauty and Zhongtian Manufacturing?
I think it should be SK Beauty.
You are a blind man who stays at home every day
What stocks do you know?
Uncle, you mustn't hear this nonsense
The trend of Peking Opera is so bad now.
People were running out of money.
The sales of cosmetics must be very poor.
Xia Meng on Business Vision
You don't deserve to carry my son's shoes
Miss Xia, please explain to me.
Why did you choose SK Beauty?
The homepage of SK Beauty is Affordable Cosmetics.
In the context of poor economic conditions
People will choose instead
Inexpensive non-essential goods
This is the famous lipstick effect
So I am optimistic about SK Beauty.
Buy me 1 billion SK beauty stocks
Mr. Su, don't listen to his nonsense
He'll lose all his money.
Earn or lose, we'll see later
Mr. Su, the Denning battery has just risen by 30 points
Late summer, look at what you've done
Just because of your wrong judgment
Mr. Su lost 300 million